listen I had made a video on Bohemian
Rhapsody that got a lot of these type of
comments and forming me that there is a
difference between a biopic and a
documentary and I'm eternally grateful
for that knowledge see every movie is
going to take its liberties in order for
it to fit the narrative right but I find
it funny when people pick and choose I
can tell when people have a bias for
Queen and they like the movie I like the
movie too but it's funny when they hit
me with that it's just a movie but then
you see them complain about another
biopic when it's not accurate and then
they change their stance to me the same
can be said for the movie beautiful boy
right I like both of these movies I
think that they're both impactful but
they both do something where they alter
the real-life stories that I think
limits them both let me explain for
starters I want to give a big shout out
to the directors previous movie called
the broken circle breakdown because I
think that's a really good film and not
a lot of people saw that when it came
out and I'm also fully disclosing that
I'm a Timothy shala fan I remember him
being the angsty son in homeland than
the angsty football player and men women
and children a young angsty Casey
Affleck and interstellar and I remember
catching call me by your name at
Sundance before all the buzz head
thinking he could call me by whatever he
wants so when I see credits calling his
performance Timothy sha'lame it pains me
to say I can kind of see it
[Music]
I don't really mean his performance is
bad I think it's a good performance it's
just that there's a bunch of missing
bits around it that kind of bring it
down see this movie's based off of a
memoir from a Rolling Stone journalist
whose son became an addict at an early
age and he does everything in his power
to rescue his beautiful boy and it's
touching
Steve Carell also gives a great
performance as his father who never does
anything wrong and that's what I do that
fathers never are this perfect and I
know some people miss the difference
between critiquing a movie and its
filmmaking right how its presented and
then the real-life story of an addict so
don't confuse it too I think the chef's
story is a heartbreaking and
motivational story that definitely
should be out there before they
completely cut out a person see when I
talked about Bohemian Rhapsody I talked
about small changes right like clearly
that movie ramped up timelines it
combined some events so it can fit
within two hours some of the characters
were representing multiple people like I
always say people just repeat back
what's in the video but I think the
reason why most people focus on the
little small things that I even said
were irrelevant and ignored the main
point of the video was because it
diminishes the comments well the movie
was meant to respect Freddy's legacy and
inspire not focus on the negative right
is that why they blamed Freddy for
leaving the band when these other two
went solo first Seattle Mercury wasn't
perfect but the amount of mistakes they
blamed on Freddy while the producers who
are also in the movie came out flawless
see even if a movie isn't perfect that
doesn't mean you can't like you like
it's completely fine for Bohemian
Rhapsody to be your favorite of the year
for a beautiful boy to be your favorite
of the year but I do think it's
important to acknowledge when they omit
or change things especially when it's a
true story so when I watch beautiful boy
I kind of felt that in a major way
like I said Carl's performance is great
he's struggling to help his beautiful
boy and try to understand him as many of
these hashtag sad boys movies have been
trying to do but there's so many of
these movies where these kids are so
well off and all of a sudden they find
themselves they put themselves in a
really bad predicament and this one kind
of takes the cake for those because they
never really show you why like yeah they
have moments in the cafe where Nick's
trying to tell his dad about the
pressures that he gave him growing up
about all of these expectations but even
after they cast two younger Timmy's and
they had all these flashbacks
they never show steve carell character
loses temper because he had to be such a
perfect dad again I'm not blaming the
real father and son duo I'm just curious
why the movie told it that way because
it kind of limited the impact enix
journey especially with our absent they
made the mother feel like she was there
in the movie but they made her seem like
she was more focused on her works and
she was also a journalist that she
didn't know how to handle her son as
opposed to again the perfect father and
I'm not saying that certain people had
pulled over the story than others but
reading this article from the mom told
me everything I needed to know that even
though she was aware certain things in
the movie are clearly altered against
her like a true mother she never made it
about herself like every other week I'm
always seeing a thirsty article pop up
about a family member twice removed
talking about their cousin's cousin
legacy just cuz they want attention
right they don't actually care about how
a movie covered a person but this lady
avoided that completely unlike the
character they showed on screen this
mother in real life supported this movie
because she knew how important it was to
her son she went to the screening she
walked on that carpet and then left it
till the end of this long article to say
yeah that's that's not really how I
recall this story like there's bits in
this article which he talks about how
she was balancing work in her son's
addiction in real life like there's a
story that she has about interviewing a
famous star on the phone talking about
motherhood while at the same time she
had the police on the other line who was
running a missing-persons case for her
child
I wasn't that in the movie she corrects
in this article how they both had equal
custody in real life how unlike in the
film she was there for her son playing
an active role how it was her job that
was paying for the rehab and well the
movie has this one bit where they
actually showed her mom breaking down
Megan the husband to help her reach her
own child when she talked about her ex
in the article she referred to him as
the best partner in all of this even
after knowing how the movie kind of
altered her image she still doesn't bill
it all her husband she doesn't blame him
she says she found refuge and knowing
there was someone else who loved her son
just as much so again did they cut those
scenes out or I just personally felt
those scenes were obvious when I saw the
movie that things were missing that it
it wasn't really how it probably played
out in real life and after reading this
article it confirmed it for me it just
continues to prove how shifting the
perspective to kind of you know overly
focus or have one character shine
detract from the impact of the story
especially in a true story I'm aware
there's always going to be changes but
don't cut out or change some of the most
important characters show us the lows
they got Nick to where he's at during
the flashback scenes show was the
mistakes the father made who doesn't
have to be perfect include the mother's
side and most importantly someone get to
me a chiropractor because this dude is
curvy as how thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm Kirsten are your
thoughts down below in the comment
section did you love this movie do you
think the changes you know me nothing to
I like I said you can still enjoy the
movie I thought was interesting one of
the most probably commented comments on
the Bohemian Rhapsody video was saying
that I
they just weren't gonna disrespect
Freddie Mercury and then ignore the fact
that the changes they made in the movie
of blaming him for mistakes he's kind of
blaming Freddie Mercury so the same
thing here as someone who's a mama's boy
sounds very interesting to just kind of
omit the mom from the story and never
even like have the flashback scenes
where the dad showed that he kind of you
know made some mistakes like reading in
the article she also talked about how
the mom carried her own son's body to
detox there was a point when she talked
about certain things where she was able
to notice things about her kid that the
husband didn't even realize so it's a I
need to rewatch this movie because I
feel like a lot of the things that the
dad did again I can't say but it felt
like it was the mom story that he just
took credit for but visionary thoughts
down below I think something we can all
agree with was that the rehab centers
were complete and ordered trash in this
movie it was a point where the rehab
says that they are not responsible for
the patients when they leave that we
relapse as a part of recovery some
really garbage stuff especially when
they're paying like tens of thousands of
dollars just to put them in there but if
you're Centurion thoughts about this
movie let me know whether you liked it
or not what's it impactful for you what
you think is Timothy Charlemagne's best
performance when he acts through the
credits all that good stuff don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I'll
send you Timmy's unreleased mixtape